yaronlev9
31514823
yaron levi

exc3 review:
1)program named "input list" that asks the user for a string and returns a list of the string given.
2)program named "concat list" takes a list and returns a string with a concetation of the parameters in the list.
3)program named "maximum" that takes a list of numbers and returns the maximum.
4)program named "cyclic" that recieves two lists and returns true if the first list 
is a cyclic permutation of the second list.
5)program named "seven boom" that recieves an integer and returns a list from 1 to the integer 
with all the numbers divided by seven or have seven in them are replaced with the word boom.
6)program named "histogram" that recieves an integer and a list fo numbers and returns the histogram.
7)program named "prime factors" that recieves an integer and returns a list of all the prime factors that it contains.
8)program named "cartesian" that recieves two lists and returns the cartesian multiplication.
9)program named "pairs" that recives a list of integers and anumber 
and returns all the pairs which their sum equals the number.
10)program named "test" which tests the program maximun using 4 simple tests.

program no' 10 explanation:
i chose (1,1,2,2) to check if it is successful when there are 2 maximum numbers.
i chose (0,0,0,0) to check if it is successful if all the numbers are equal.
i chose (1,2,3,4) to see if the program is successful when there is a definitive max.
i chose (4,3,2,1) to see if the program is suucessful no matter what is the index of the max number.

part e)
1)i will get an error because the program is looking for class list and not int.
2)i will get -1 because its the highest number.
3)i will get an error because python cant compare an int with string.
4)i will get [0,1,1] because there are 0 times 0, 1 time 1, and 1 time ,2,
5)i will get and empty list because the loop starts at 2 so append will not work 
on the empty list so the list will stay empty.
6)i will get 4 pairs of [2,0] the program deletes all the opposite pairs but in the input the parameters 
repeat itself so i get 4 pairs of the same thing. 
 


